Add custom icon feature to Toast (#3136)
jpmorganchase/salt-ds: site/docs/components/toast/examples.mdx

</LivePreview>

<LivePreview componentName="toast" exampleName="CustomIcon" >

## Custom Icon

> Use the `Icon` prop to customize the icon shown in the toast, while still respecting the status prop.

Reviewer: This is still saying `Icon`, also status is not back-ticked so is not formatted.
Can we rephrase (use the LLM) , respecting might not be my first choice of grammar?

> Use the `Icon` prop to customize the icon shown in the toast, while still respecting the status prop.

Reviewer 2: @mark-tate, how does this sound?
```suggestion
Use the `Icon` prop to customize the icon shown in the toast, while leaving the `status` prop unchanged.
```

Reviewer 3: what does it mean it leaves the status unchanged? that it will keep the styling of the status and the icon will inherit the colour?

Reviewer 2: it does, in the original change styles were being passed to the custom icon, but i think we might want to remove this statement all together, since now the status is just being inherited

Reviewer 3: Something like:
Use the `icon` prop to customize the icon shown in the toast. If you also provide a `status` prop....

What happens if you don't have status btw?

Reviewer 2: > Something like: Use the `icon` prop to customize the icon shown in the toast. If you also provide a `status` prop....
> 
> What happens if you don't have status btw?

no status toasts don't have icons

> Use the `Icon` prop to customize the icon shown in the toast, the custom icon will inherit the status color by default.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Use the `icon` prop to customize the icon shown in the toast, the custom icon will inherit the status color by default.
```
